User ID: 100925037
Timestamp: 2026-03-09T23:02:26.514Z

SECTION A (MCQs - 30 Questions):
1. C. To know the only true God and Jesus Christ
2. B. Everlasting has a beginning but no end; eternal has no beginning and no end
3. C. Earthly years are not enough to know God
4. C. The knowledge of Jesus Christ
5. C. Human effort plus divine endorsement
6. B. It shapes what we say and ask, based on His character
7. B. Boldness rooted in knowing God’s character
8. A. Man is limited
9. A. Through the knowledge of Him
10. B. Be strong and do exploits
11. B. A “junior God” or created being
12. C. Arius (Arianism)
13. B. Supernatural birth by the Holy Spirit (virgin conception)
14. C. Sin is transmitted through the male seed (Adam), so the Spirit supplied the seed
15. C. Emmanuel
16. B. Wonderful, Counsellor, Mighty God, Everlasting Father, Prince of Peace
17. C. Hebrews 1:8
18. B. “Who knew no sin” (Paul), “who did no sin” (Peter), “in Him is no sin” (John)
19. B. Forgiving sins is the greater (divine) act; healing confirms authority
20. C. Only God rightly receives worship; angels and prophets refuse it
21. C. The moon turning into blood for seven days
22. B. A Roman practice of breaking legs to hasten death on the cross
23. B. Of prophecy fulfilled
24. D. 100% God and 100% man
25. B. Remain distinct without mixing up
26. B. Became tired
27. B. The visible expression of the invisible God
28. B. Jesus serves as our light to make life’s choices
29. C. Belong to a church that teaches Christ clearly
30. B. It’s possible to serve actively and still not know the Lord

SECTION B (Fill-ins - 10 Questions):
1. know
2. Everlasting life is a life that has a beginning but no end whereas eternal life has no end and no beginning
3. the seed of man
4. God with us
5. Hebrews 1:8
6. Majesty co-eternal, glory co-equal
7. Radiance of the glory of God
8. revelation
9. strong and do exploits
10. the crucifracture

SECTION C — COMPULSORY:
1(a). 1. His Birth: This also known as the immaculate conception which is in Luke 1:35. He wasn't born naturally but was conceived by the Holy Spirit in the womb of a woman.

2. His Father's Speech: God Himself called Jesus God in Hebrews 1:8

3. His power to forgive sin and His sinlessness: Paul described Jesus as one who knew no sin, Peter said He did no Sin and John said In Him was no sin ( Hebrews 4:15, Matthew 9:1-5)

4. His title: The name Emmanuel which means " God with us " and also He was referred to as Lord and God in scriptures. (Matthew 1:3, John 20:28)

5. The Crura fracture; It was prophesied in Isaiah that " none of His bones shall be broken " ( John 19:31-36)


1(b). Jesus Christ was conceived by the Holy Spirit in the womb of a woman. This goes to say that He was not a product of sex and therefore did not go through the natural order of birth. After the fall of man, man then became the genetic transmitter of the DNA of sin. So conceived this way He came as a man without sin, and came as God through the Holy Spirit.

SECTION C — OPTIONAL (4 chosen):

Question 2:
The hypostatic union of Christ is the proof that Jesus is 100% God and 100% man and yet there is not a mix in these two natures. The fact that He became a man does not mean He lost His Godhood but He remained in it whilst He was a man. God became a man so that we can become God and as a result man has become part of the trinity.

Question 3:
1. He had a human mother ( Luke 2:7 )

2. Jesus was hungry ( Matthew 4:2 )

3. Jesus wept ( John 11:35 )

4. Jesus became thirsty ( John 19:28 )

5. Jesus was denied as being a man by the antichrist. ( 1 John 4 )

Question 5:
1. Knowing Jesus will bring Grace into your life; the more you know Jesus , the more grace keeps increasing in your life. Grace means the help of God. when you operate in the realm of Grace you begin to get things you don't deserve. Grace is the evidence of the God factor. I have seen the evidence of Grace in the life on my man of God. The grace of speed and all round success in life is so evident. From renting an auditorium to buying a land worth $50,000 and building an ediffice to the glory of God. 

2. Jesus is the source of all things; if you start with God He will create things in your life. God is all you need for you to meet all your needs.

3. Knowing Jesus will help you avoid deception; When you don't know God you can't know when it's not God. There are things that look like God but are not God, so once you can't tell the difference you will be deceived easily. I know of a man claiming to be a prophet, who went around deceiving people and extorting monies and gadgets. 

4. Jesus can solve all your problems; as humans we are bent to one day go through an evil day.Sometimes when those problems come it takes only Jesus to solve it. During the corona period i was involved in a fatal accident with my cousins and we all came out unscathed. I realised that this is God.

5. Knowing God will make you excel in life; i know someone who mistakenly missed an exam, but when the results came she was the highest in the class. This can only be God. To be the highest scorer in an exam you couldn't even write.

6. Knowing Jesus will make you more like Him. There's a difference between image and likeness, Likeness is the outward appearance whereas image is the inward mannerisms of God. When you know Jesus you begin to look like God both internally and externally. Looking at my life i can tell there have been many positive changes especially with my temper. I have seen a drastic reduction in controlling my emotions  because of my relationship with God

7. Knowing Jesus will empower your prayer life; When you know Jesus you know how to communicate with Him and how to make various requests in prayer. Because once you know Him , you know what He can do for you. I have learnt that i don't need to scream in prayer just because i have a need, but speaking softly and asking once and just thanking God has gotten me answers to my prayers quickly than the former.

Question 6:
In the old days Romans used a method to hasten the death of people they crucified by breaking their bones. During crucifixion the victims had to push up their legs to breathe but once their legs are broken, they can no longer lift their bodies to breathe which quickened the death process. 
But in the case of Jesus  He was already dead on the cross so there was no need to break His bones, such as was prophesied by Isaiah that " none of His bones shall be broken ", rather His side was pierced and water gushed out and this is a typology of when Eve was brought out from Adam's side symbolising the Church as the bride of Christ.

