User ID: 100925001
Timestamp: 2026-03-15T16:34:44.949Z

SECTION A (MCQs - 30 Questions):
1. C. To know the only true God and Jesus Christ
2. B. Everlasting has a beginning but no end; eternal has no beginning and no end
3. C. Earthly years are not enough to know God
4. C. The knowledge of Jesus Christ
5. B. The God factor
6. B. It shapes what we say and ask, based on His character
7. C. The nature of God’s power
8. A. Man is limited
9. A. Through the knowledge of Him
10. B. Be strong and do exploits
11. B. A “junior God” or created being
12. C. Arius (Arianism)
13. B. Supernatural birth by the Holy Spirit (virgin conception)
14. C. Sin is transmitted through the male seed (Adam), so the Spirit supplied the seed
15. C. Emmanuel
16. B. Wonderful, Counsellor, Mighty God, Everlasting Father, Prince of Peace
17. C. Hebrews 1:8
18. B. “Who knew no sin” (Paul), “who did no sin” (Peter), “in Him is no sin” (John)
19. B. Forgiving sins is the greater (divine) act; healing confirms authority
20. C. Only God rightly receives worship; angels and prophets refuse it
21. A. The veil torn from top to bottom
22. A. How to bind a sacrifice
23. B. Of prophecy fulfilled
24. D. 100% God and 100% man
25. D. Can be separated into two whole persons
26. B. Became tired
27. B. The visible expression of the invisible God
28. A. Night is not associated with Christ
29. C. Belong to a church that teaches Christ clearly
30. B. It’s possible to serve actively and still not know the Lord

SECTION B (Fill-ins - 10 Questions):
1. Know
2. Has beginning but no end whereas eternal life has no beginning and no end.
3. Man
4. God is with us
5. 1:8
6. Hypostatic union
7. Radiance. Glory of 
8. Knowledge 
9. Strong and carry out great exploits
10. The crucifragium 

SECTION C — COMPULSORY:
1(a). 1.His birth
Every human no matter how prayerful is a product of sex but Jesus was not. There is only one person who did not come into the world through the natural order which is sex and that person is Jesus. If Jesus was born in the natural way, he would have inherited sin but because he is God, he had to come without sex so he could mediate between God and man.This alone shows that Jesus is God.
2.His titles.
Jesus was called Emmanuel and the meaning of his name was Gid is with us. That alone proves he is God. In Isaiah 9:6, His titles were stated there, wonderful, counselor, mighty God and other ones.  These titles alone proves that he is God.
3.The fathers speech
How the father speaks about Jesus is a proof that he is God. I’m psalm 110:1 the Lord said to my Lord sit at my right hand. He referenced Jesus as my Lord also. This alone proves he is God.
4.His worship
Jesus was worshiped while on earth. Matthew 2:10-11 and Matthew 8:2 proves he is God through worship.
5.His death
Jesus death was a supernatural one. In Matthew, the veil of the temple was torn from the top to bottom , this alone proving divine intervention.


1(b). The virgin birth was necessary because it had to prove the hypostatic union of Jesus. 100% God and 100% man. sin entered the world through man. It is transmitted through the seed of a man.If Jesus had been born through a man he would have inherited sin so the Holy Spirit supplied the seed and Mary supplied the womb so Jesus could come out without sin in order to mediate between God and man.Jesus had to be born from man so that it also proves that he is 100% man.

SECTION C — OPTIONAL (4 chosen):

Question 2:
The hypostatic union of Christ is basically two natures one person. Jesus is 100% God 100% man. He did not stop being God to become man neither did he stop being man to become God. Proofs that he is a man is that he wept, he became tired, thirsty and hungry. Proofs that he is God is his titles were, the fathers speech and his death. The Holy Spirit supplied the seed and Mary supplied the womb so that Jesus can come without sin in order to mediate between God and man. This allows His to be the perfect mediator.

Question 3:
1.Jesus wept- John 11:35 stated that Jesus wept. Man cries so therefore it proofs the humanity of Jesus.

2.He had a human mother 
One of the evidence of Jesus humanity is that he had a mother. Every man on this earth has a mother no matter what. 

3.He became tired- in John 4:6 Jesus became tired. When he was being tortured, when he was carrying the cross he became tired. Tiredness is proof of humanity.

4.He became hungry
Man no matter what gets hungry. Man needs food and water to survive . 

5.he became thirsty 
Jesus became thirsty after his 40 days fasting. Man needs water to survive. John 19:28 talks about how Jesus was thirsty.

Question 4:
You cannot see electricity but you can see the light. The brightness of the light reveals the presence and glory of electricity. In the same way we have never seen the sun itself what we see is the rays of the sun which reveal that the sun exists. Jesus is just like the rays of the sun. He is the visible expression of the invisible God therefore if you want to know who God is just look at Jesus.
These are 5 examples of how Jesus earthly behavior reveals the character of the Father.
1. Jesus treated children with so much love . This is exactly how God sees children and treats them.
2.Jesus multiplied bread and fishes. God multiples small things.
3.Jesus healed the sick.
God heals people. It’s the character of God Jesus revealed.
4.Jesus did not condemn the adulterers . God does same. Man would have condemned them but Jesus revealed Gods character by not condemning them.

Question 5:
1. We Are Saved to Know Jesus
We were saved to have a personal relationship with Jesus, not just to be saved. Knowing Jesus is eternal life (John 17:3). God gave us eternal life so we can know Him, and this journey of knowing Him continues even in heaven.

2. Knowing Jesus Brings Grace
The more you know Jesus, the more grace you'll receive (2 Peter 1:2). Grace brings God's help, undeserved blessings, and the God-factor in your life. Knowing Jesus' works and character releases more grace in your life.

3. Knowing Jesus Brings Peace
Knowing Jesus multiplies peace in your life (2 Peter 1:2). With Jesus, no sin or situation can take away your peace because you know you're forgiven. Our peace is connected to your knowledge of Jesus.

4. Knowing Jesus Makes You Like Him
The more you know Jesus, the more you'll become like Him. Study Jesus' character and traits to become more humble, faithful, and Christ-like. Knowing Jesus transforms us inwardly and outwardly.

5. Knowing Jesus Empowers your Prayer life.
Knowing Jesus gives us boldness and confidence in prayer (Genesis 18:22-23). You'll know how to approach God, what He likes, and what triggers His response.

6. Jesus Solves Unique Problems
Some problems – like anger, addiction, or barrenness – only Jesus can solve. Knowing Jesus addresses the root of your issues.

7. Jesus Is the Source of All Things
Everything we need is accessed through knowing Jesus (2 Peter 1:3). His divine power gives you all things pertaining to life and godliness.

