User ID: 100925071
Timestamp: 2026-03-09T22:46:43.721Z

SECTION A (MCQs - 30 Questions):
1. C. To know the only true God and Jesus Christ
2. B. Everlasting has a beginning but no end; eternal has no beginning and no end
3. C. Earthly years are not enough to know God
4. C. The knowledge of Jesus Christ
5. B. The God factor
6. B. It shapes what we say and ask, based on His character
7. B. Boldness rooted in knowing God’s character
8. A. Man is limited
9. A. Through the knowledge of Him
10. A. Avoid all persecution
11. B. A “junior God” or created being
12. B. Athanasius
13. B. Supernatural birth by the Holy Spirit (virgin conception)
14. C. Sin is transmitted through the male seed (Adam), so the Spirit supplied the seed
15. C. Emmanuel
16. D. Lord, High Priest and Prophet
17. C. Hebrews 1:8
18. B. “Who knew no sin” (Paul), “who did no sin” (Peter), “in Him is no sin” (John)
19. B. Forgiving sins is the greater (divine) act; healing confirms authority
20. A. Worship was culturally common
21. C. The moon turning into blood for seven days
22. B. A Roman practice of breaking legs to hasten death on the cross
23. B. Of prophecy fulfilled
24. D. 100% God and 100% man
25. C. Are identical and unique in essence
26. C. Died
27. B. The visible expression of the invisible God
28. B. Jesus serves as our light to make life’s choices
29. C. Belong to a church that teaches Christ clearly
30. B. It’s possible to serve actively and still not know the Lord

SECTION B (Fill-ins - 10 Questions):
1. Know 
2. Has no end but a beginning, has no beginning and no enf
3. Seed of man
4. God with us
5. 1:8
6. Hypostatic union 
7. visible expression, invisible
8. Knowledge 
9. Not deceived. 
10. crura fracture 

SECTION C — COMPULSORY:
1(a). 1. His title given.
He was called Emmanuel ( God with us)
Matthew 1:

2.The birth of Jesus. 
He was born through the seed of the holy spirit and the womb of a woman making him sinless. (immaculate conception) 

3. His power to forgive sin. 
It was stated " who did no sin", " in him was no sin", " who did no sin" 

4. He was worshipped. 
When the three wise men came to see him in Matthew 1, the gave him gifts and worshipped him. 

5. His death. 
It was prophesied the none of his bones shall be broken. Sine he died on the cross


1(b). It was so because man (Adam) became the carrier of sin and every one would be a sinner once you're from the seed of man (since we're all from Adam) so it was needed that he should be born not from the seed of man so he came from the seed of the holy spirit through the womb of man. 

SECTION C — OPTIONAL (4 chosen):

Question 2:
It states that Jesus is 100% man and 100% God.  These do not conflict with each other. So he remained in his God hood and was also man granting us the ability to become God. He is the only one who was also born not of the seed of man which guarantees this so he stands as the perfect mediator.

Question 3:
1. Jesus was born of Mary (who is his mother)
In the scriptures, wise men came to see and present gifts to the birth of Jesus Christ by following the star. 

2. Jesus wept. 
Jesus wept upon hearing the new of lazarus's death. 
In John 11

3. Jesus felt tired. When he journeyed with his discoliples to the town of Samaria, where he met the Samaritan woman.
John 4 :1-7

4. He became thirty.
In John 19 Jesuson the cross said that he was thirsty where the guards had soak a cloth in vinegar to give it to him.

5. Jesus was hungry.
In Matthew 4, after Jesus was done fasting after forty days and forty nights, he became hungry and the devil came to tempt him.

Question 4:
It shows us that the way Jesus treats us is how God treats us since he's the prlerfect reflection.
1. Love.
On the cross, he prayed for mercy for those who were against him. 

2.No condemnation.
When the adulterers woman was brought to his presence, he didn't judge her but told her to sin no more. 

3. Forgiveness
When Peter betrayed Jesus, he still forgave him.

4. Non biased.
He healed everyone, never discriminated and even healed on a sabbath which even led to his plotting of death.

5. Patience.
He had patience on his disciples even when he came back from death and realized they've not yet gone for sheep.

Question 5:
1. Knowing Jesus brings grace into your life.
Grace is defined as the God factor. So knowing Jesus more will grant you an easier path in life.
AN example is the thief on the cross who made it to heaven. Even with a little knowledge he has in christ on his death, he was taken to paradise. 

2. Jesus is the provider for all things.
The more you know Jesus, the more you can get things because he creates all things.
In Matthew 6:33, seeking the Kingdom will guarantee all other things be added.

3.God is the source of every power. From Deuteronomy 8, the more you know Jesus, the more you know the power he has given you to change circumstances.

4. Knowing Jesus will increase your prayer life.
Prayer is the communication between man and God. When the disciples were with Jesus, the engaged themselves several times in prayers and it's a way to strengthen the bond between God and man.

5. Knowing Jesus, you'll become like him.
Just as the disciples followed Jesus and knew him, they became like him, taking on his tasks and performing miracles just like him.

6. Jesus Christ brings peace into your life. Ecclesiastes 4:6
Several times in the scriptures when troubled or tormented people see Jesus, they scream because the spirits know that they'll be driven away from the host and the host will be free and peaceful. An example is the mad man of Gadarah.

7. Knowing Jesus will. Make you progress in life.
You can progress without knowing God but it'll come to vanity because you're trying to fill a spot which is meant for God. Knowing God comes with a lot of benefits like supernatural prosperity and other blessings.
Daniell 1:

